labs/week-01.md, before:

#Your Personal Portfolio Page: Part 1

If you take a look at the "About Me" page you completed while applying for WDI, there are probably many things you would change. Today is an opportunity for you to change them! Strive for making this the first version of the Portfolio Page you use to exhibit your talent to prospective employers when WDI ends. Remember: you have the rest of the course (and the rest of your life) to revise it.

## Schedule
- 9:30 - 3:00 Lab time
  - Supporting Instructors:
    - 9:30 - 11:00 Erica, Jesse, Andy, Adrian
    - 1:00 - 3:00 Erica, Robin, Matt, Nick
- 3:00 - 4:00 Peer code review (Classrooms)
- 4:00 - 5:00 Squad check-in (TBD)

## Some Things To Consider
- Think about who you want to view your site (potential employers, freelance opportunities, friends). I know it is tempting to make it flashy with tons of jQuery plugins, but the most important thing when designing your site is to make it EASY for your visitors to access the information they want and navigate around the page.
- Think about the goal for your site and what you want your users to do (read about your story, look at your work/code/writing, contact you). Guide them to taking those actions by making them prominent / easy to find.
- Potential employers will probably view your source code, so be sure to use proper indentation and organize your code.
- Wireframe what you want your site to look like first!

## Bonus!
- Create an alternate visual "theme" for your site, and create a button that uses Javascript to toggle between themes.
- Deploy your site to Github Pages
  - [Github Pages](pages.github.com)
  - [Github Pages Tutorial](https://www.thinkful.com/learn/a-guide-to-using-github-pages/)

Commit message:

add examples of themes and wireframes

labs/week-01.md, after:

# Your Personal Portfolio Page: Part 1

Given what you have already learned about web development, there are probably many things you would change about the "About Me" page you completed while applying for WDI. Today is an opportunity for you to make those changes! Strive to make this the first version of the Portfolio Page you will use to exhibit your development skills to prospective employers when WDI ends. Remember: you have the rest of the course (and the rest of your life) to revise and upgrade it. Today is about getting a solid foundation in place.

## Wireframe what you want your site to look like first!
A wireframe is a simple blueprint/template/sketch/visual outline of the components of your website. Though there are some great digital wireframing tools out there, all you really need to make a wireframe for your personal use is a piece of paper and something to write with.  
- READ ME: [Wireframe Basics](https://www.gliffy.com/uses/wireframe-software/)
- Curious to learn more about wireframes? Ask a UXDI student!

## Schedule
- 9:30 - 3:00 Lab time
  - Supporting Instructors:
    - 9:30 - 11:00 Erica, Jesse, Andy, Adrian
    - 1:00 - 3:00 Erica, Robin, Matt, Nick
- 3:00 - 4:00 Peer code review (Classrooms)
- 4:00 - 5:00 Squad check-in (TBD)

## Some Things To Consider
- Think about who you want to view your site (potential employers, freelance opportunities, friends). I know it is tempting to make it flashy with tons of jQuery plugins, but the most important thing when designing your site is to make it EASY for your visitors to access the information they want and navigate around the page.
- Think about the goal for your site and what you want your users to do (read about your story, look at your work/code/writing, contact you). Guide them to taking those actions by making them prominent / easy to find.
- Potential employers will probably view your source code, so be sure to use proper indentation and organize your code.

## Bonus!
- Create an alternate visual "theme" for your site, and create a button that uses Javascript to toggle between themes.
  - Examples:
    - [Party Mode](http://robertakarobin.com/)
    - [Click the heart ](http://jessicahische.is/)
- Deploy your site to Github Pages
  - [Github Pages](pages.github.com)
  - [Github Pages Tutorial](https://www.thinkful.com/learn/a-guide-to-using-github-pages/)
